Fixes the readme to add a missing step for lint setup (#2140)
DataBiosphere/Saturn-UI: README.md

6. Code style:
    * Not in IntelliJ: use an eslint plugin.
    * In IntelliJ: 

>         * When you open the project, right-click [.eslintrc.js](.eslintrc.js), click `Apply Eslint Code Style Rules`, and select 'Automatic ESLint Configuration'; then go to `Preferences -> Editor -> Code Style -> Javascript`, click the gear next to `Scheme` -> `Import Scheme` -> `Intellij IDEA code style XML`, then select [js-style.xml](js-style.xml).

Reviewer: Just for consistency:
```suggestion
        * When you open the project, right-click [.eslintrc.js](.eslintrc.js), click `Apply Eslint Code Style Rules`, and select `Automatic ESLint Configuration`; then go to `Preferences -> Editor -> Code Style -> Javascript`, click the gear next to `Scheme` -> `Import Scheme` -> `Intellij IDEA code style XML`, then select [js-style.xml](js-style.xml).
```
